Update steps and images for new project setup page (#9577)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/orchestrate/pages/github-trigger-event-options.adoc

For a full list of GitHub trigger event options, see <<supported-trigger-options>>.

.Trigger options under Project settings
image::guides:ROOT:triggers/select-when-to-run.png[Set a trigger option for a project trigger]

When you create or set up a project in CircleCI you will set up your first pipeline and trigger. This first trigger is, by default, an "all push" trigger, which corresponds to the link:https://docs.github.com/en/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads#push[GitHub App push event].

include::ROOT:partial$tips/check-github-type-org.adoc[]

If your CircleCI organization is integrated with GitHub only through the **GitHub App** (see tip above), you will see trigger options when creating a project in the CircleCI web app, and you have the option to change the trigger options for your first trigger. You can also set up additional triggers during project creation, or setup/edit later in your menu:Project settings[Project Setup].

.Trigger options during project creation
image::guides:ROOT:triggers/create-project-run-on.png[Create a project trigger and access trigger options]

> If your CircleCI org is integrated via **GitHub OAuth** (see tip above), an organization admin or a user who has admin access to at least one repository in the organization can install the CircleCI GitHub App. Using the GitHub App, enables the full range of GitHub trigger events. Installing the CircleCI GitHub App is a one-time action. For a detailed guide to using both OAuth and GitHub App integrations, see the xref:integration:using-the-circleci-github-app-in-an-oauth-org.adoc[Using the CircleCI GitHub App in an OAuth organization] page.

Reviewer: I actually think this may be too much text for what's needed. 

How about just 
```suggestion
If your CircleCI org is integrated via **GitHub OAuth** (see tip above), you can configure new triggers and optionally remove the existing OAuth trigger through menu:Project settings[Project Setup].
```

* Your CircleCI account must be linked to a GitHub account, either via xref:integration:github-integration.adoc[GitHub OAuth] or via the xref:integration:github-apps-integration.adoc[CircleCI GitHub App].
* A GitHub App pipeline that you want to trigger when a PR is opened. You can find steps on the xref:pipelines.adoc#add-or-edit-a-pipeline[Pipelines overview and setup] page.

=== Steps

include::guides:ROOT:partial$app-navigation/steps-to-project-settings.adoc[]
+
. Select btn:[GitHub trigger +] at the bottom of the pipeline box.
. Choose "PR Opened" from the *Event* menu. This means that the pipeline will trigger on the `pull_request` GitHub event with the `opened` action (See the link:https://docs.github.com/en/webhooks/webhook-events-and-payloads?actionType=opened#pull_request[GitHub docs webhooks page] for more information).
+
.Trigger options under Project settings
image::guides:ROOT:triggers/select-when-to-run.png[Set a trigger option for a project trigger]
.
** Select the *Event Source* repository from the dropdown. This defaults to the repository associated with the pipeline.
+

> TIP: You can change the event source to a different repository if you wish. If you do change the event source so that it does not match the pipeline's config/checkout source an option will appear to specify which branch in the config/checkout source repository you wish to use for the trigger.

Author: Yesssss
